Click To Skip To Main Content
Detroit Luxury Real Estate - Trusted Realtor in Detroit

    Home
    Areas Served
    Sold Listings
    Blog
    Contact

logo 248-943-6906
Get in touch
Trusted Zillow and Realtor.com Premier Agent in Detroit and Surrounding Areas
Detroit Luxury
Real Estate
Find Your Dream Home
Luxury Homes for Sale in Detroit - Exclusive Listings
Modern 3 Bedroom Home for Sale in Downtown Detroit
Top Rated Detroit Real Estate Agent - 100% 5-Star Reviews
A Realtor Who Puts Your Goals First

Dedicated to my clients & their best interests. Top 5% real estate agent in the Detroit tri-county area & premier agent with Zillow and Realtor.com
Book a Free 15 Min Consultation
100% 5star Reviews on Zillow
Stress-Free Home Buying Experience - Detroit Realtor
logo logo logo logo

    icon
    Stress less
    icon
    Best Deal Possible
    icon
    Full time support

Book a Free 15 Min Consultation

    Buying
    24/7 Support for Home Buyers and Sellers in Detroit
    Selling
    Get the Best Deal on Your New Home - Expert Negotiation
    Commercial
    Property
    Trusted Zillow and Realtor.com Premier Agent

Get in Touch with a Detroit Real Estate Expert - Call 248-943-6906
Find the Best Homes for Sale in Metro Detroit - Contact Us Today
I bring a wealth of expertise to
Guide you through every step

Whether you're searching for your perfect home or negotiating a commercial property, I'm here to ensure you receive exceptional service and results.

    checkmark Expert Guidance
    checkmark Premier Recognition
    checkmark Proven Results
    checkmark Client-Centric Approach
    checkmark Easy Communication
    checkmark 100% 5 Star Reviews

Book a Free 15 Min Consultation
quote

Susie was essential in finding our new home. She worked SO HARD and was so in-tune with what we wanted that she ended up finding us the perfect house. I can't thank her (and her team) enough for finding us out forever home. Commerce Township, MI Home Sale & Purchase
group at a table
Trusted Zillow and Realtor.com Premier agent
What Our Clients Say

    quote icon

    Susie was great to work with. She was knowledgeable about the market and we appreciated her communication throughout the selling and buying process. Susie had our best interest at heart. It was a pleasure to work with her as we sold our property and purchased a new home. Susie and her team are Golden. Thank you Susie and Golden Realty for being a blessing to our family
    Novi, MI Condo Sale & Purchase
    quote icon

    I've been in the market on and off to find a house since the past 2 years (almost). Susie made sure she checked in frequently and update me on what's going in the market. Finally we found this property and it was a breeze working with her to close. Will definitely recommend her to anyone who's in the hunt.
    Farmington hills, MI Condo Sale & Purchase

Book a Free 15 Min Consultation
Our Easy Process
How to Get Started

    heart icon
    01
    Book a free intro meeting
    toolbox icon
    02
    We make a plan together
    ribbon icon
    03
    We Celebrate your success

Get in touch
Empower Yourself with the
Latest Detroit Real Estate News & Insights

    10 Essential Real Estate Tips for Home buyers in Royal Oak, Michigan

    10 Essential Real Estate Tips for Home buyers in Royal Oak, Michigan
    10 Essential Tips for Home buyers in Troy, Michigan

    Whether you’re searching for a family home, an upscale property, or a smart investment, Troy has something for everyone.
    10 Essential Tips for Home buyers in Ferndale, Michigan

    Whether you’re a first-time buyer or a seasoned investor, finding the right home in Ferndale can be both thrilling and challenging. To ensure you’re making informed decisions and getting the most out of your Ferndale real estate journey, here are 10 essential tips

Realtor Who Puts Your Goals First
Get in touch

logo logo
logo
google facebook instagram

    Contact Us
    Call or Text: 248-943-6906
    susie@propertypro1.com
    Scroll to Top

Website by logo